# A-Health-Care-System-For-Covid-19-Clssification-Using-Multi-Type-Classical-Features-Selection
Features Extraction Using DCT, DWT, DRLBP, Shannon Entropy and Kurtosis

The coronavirus (COVID19), also known as the novel coronavirus, first appeared in December 2019 in Wuhan, China. After that, it quickly spread throughout the world and became a disease.It has significantly impacted our everyday lives, the national and international economies, and public health. However, early diagnosis is critical for prompt treatment andreducing trauma in the healthcare system. Clinical radiologists primarily use chest X-rays, and computerized tomography (CT) scans to test for pneumonia infection. We used Chest CT scans to predict COVID19 pneumonia and healthy scans in this study. We proposed a joint framework for prediction based on classical feature fusion and PSO-based optimization. We begin by extracting standard features such as discrete wavelet transforms (DWT),discrete cosine 
transforms (DCT), and dominant rotated local binary patterns(DRLBP). In addition, we extracted Shanon Entropy and Kurtosis features. In the following step, a Max-Covariancebased maximization approach for feature fusion is proposed. The fused features are optimized in the preliminary phase using Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) and the ELM fitness function. For final prediction, PSO is used to obtain robust features, which are then implanted in a Support Vector Data Description (SVDD) classifier and Random Forest(RF) , Decision Tree (DT), KNN, . The experiment is carried out using available COVID19 Chest CT Scans and scans from healthy patients. These images are from the Kaggle website. For the proposed scheme, the fusion and selection process accuracy is 88.6% and 93.1%, respectively. A detailed 
analysis is conducted, which supports the proposed system efficiency.
